Let me tell you about the core functionalities of the site.  We'' start with the categories (from the drop-down list).  You will need to figure out how best to plan and scope based on the complexity of the project as it develops.  This all informs a comprehensive skill development for production use and community sharing.  There may be multiple planning stints, threads, etc so there needs to be a master planning document and branching organization and version history.  Since SCMDB does not appear to have an API, you are building the tooling (at as efficient a token cost to the end user as possible) for scraping the site for the individual's needs).  The title of the skill be starcitizen-scmdb:

1.  Missions:  Allows users to filter available missions based on criteria and plan a reputation grinding plan (Rank Path Planner).  Filtered Missions appear in the main body of the page and popup a window when clicked.  Within the opened window, you have title/faction/tags then 4 tabs (Overview, Requirements, Calculator, Community).  You will need to go and build this flow to understand it fully.  

2.  Fabricator:  This is for finding blueprints (similarly filtered and interactable).  You will need to fully parse what is available and build a framework for describing the types of craftable items there are, what faction rank and missions needed to obtain the blueprint, the material cost to craft the blueprint, and the disassembly details should the item be disassembled in game. There is a concept of "owned" but that requires you to be logged into an account on the site.

3. Resources:  This is for finding raw materials from mining that will:  enable the crafting of a blueprint, enable finding the best concentration of high-grade and/or minable material (there is difficulty from various approaches (mining ship configurations, rock difficulties, solo (prospector or golem or Mole with one laser) vs multi-crew (Mole with multi laser), whether the locations are planet-side (and how dangerous the particular locations are) or in space.)   On filtered criteria, relevant cards (example: https://scmdb.net/?page=mine&mine=Glaciem+Ring) can be opened to reveal the various materials and concentrations of those materials within the location.  Specifically within the "Ship Mining" table, the individual materials can be clicked to reveal hidden rows with individual rows representing (<material> | <percent chance of mat in rock> | <percent range of the specific quality range within the rocks> | <difficulty> | <Material quality betwen 0 and 1000 with 1000 being the most desirable end of the spectrum>   

4.  Mining Solver:  This is a utility and calculator for miners.  The filters on the left allow the user to define their configuration.  This configuration includes:
- Rock Composition: Rock Mass (text input with a integer that is also affected by the slider immediately underneath it or by qualitative small/medium/large/huge), Composition (drop down with an exhaustive list of options)
- Equipment Loadout:  This defines the specific mining archetype they are doing (Ship mining, ROC/Geo, Hand Mining).  With Ship Mining selected, the user then selects the ship (Prospector, Golem, Mole) they are flying.  Depending on the ship, the user is able to configure the mining lasers, passive modules, active modules, gadgets installed.  Note that each mining laser has its own inherit stats at stock and may have different stats if the item is crafted...some mining heads have room for more slots (modules) than others (e.g Arbor has 1 slot for modules, Klein has 0 slots for modules, Helix has 2 slots, etc).  The modules themselves are either active (limited amount of charges before being depleated) or passive (provide stats change while installed).  Gadgets are items that users can buy and place on the rock itself to help mine, but the user's preference for using them needs to be strongly considered before suggesting them (default no).  The end result of the selection will change the bottom most element on the left side of the page (Stats). This gives you the net change 